Update links + badges (#64)
bridgecrewio/checkov-jetbrains-ide: README.md

The Checkov Plugin for Intellij enables developers to get real-time scan results, as well as inline fix suggestions as they develop cloud infrastructure.

<!-- TODO PLUGIN GIF DEMO -->
<!-- Plugin description -->

> The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](link-to-license.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov-jetbrains-ide).
```

> The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](link-to-license.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov-jetbrains-ide).
```

#TODO PLUGIN GIF DEMO
<!-- Plugin description -->

> The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](link-to-license.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is currently available for download directly from the [IntelliJ Plugin Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/17721-checkov) and its source code is available in an [Apache 2.0 licensed repository](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov-jetbrains-ide).
```
